Use conda + Update initial setup docs (#1163)
ucb-bar/chipyard: .github/CI_README.md

This specifies that the `prepare-chipyard-cores` job needs the both the `make-keys` and the `setup-complete` steps to
be completed before it can run.

> Chipyard runs its CI using a docker image created from `dockerfiles/Dockerfile` and on Berkeley's millennium machines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chipyard runs its CI using a docker image created from `dockerfiles/Dockerfile` on Berkeley's compute resources.
```

| Secret | Value |
| -------| ------------- |
| BUILDDIR | the directory to use on the build server |

> Additionally, you need to install conda on the build servers that exist

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Additionally, you need to install conda on the build servers that exist.
```
